Alright, so continuing with our
study, the this item is a
complex scene and please take
between three and five minutes
to describe what you see in this
scene.
#START_deep_sea_divers This is a
where where is Waldo puzzle.
It's in full color. It's called
the deep sea divers. We see
The boats on people on the
surface of the water and we see
a lot of things underwater.
Lots of red and white stripes,
which is Waldo's signature
color. So it really is going to
be hard to pick out where Waldo
is. Under the water, my oh my
there are mermaids.
There are fish with people legs,
lots of mermaids, fish with two
tails, lots of lots of scuba
divers and undersea figures. Oh
here. Here's an angry looking
fish that looks like a rock and
an angry looking octopus.
This is a very busy scene.
On the surface of the water,
again, there are lots of boats.
There, mermaids on rocks there
people fishing from rocks.
Ah, that looks like a big
alligator about to eat one boat.
Uh, lots and lots of people
fishing. Here, however,
underwater, I see a fish with a
net who's about the net a
swimmer. There's a turnaround.
Here's the Swordfish that's
crossing swords with the sword
fighter. Here's a man kissing a
fish. Oh my.
Lots of figures with Spears.
#END_deep_sea_divers
That was about 3 minutes.
Alright, that's enough. Alright.
So moving forward to the next
one.
This is a part of a graphic
novel about 8 pages. Please take
between 8:00 and 10:00 to 15
minutes as you go through this
story.
#START_arrival_4 This is a
graphic novel with several
panels. Sepia is the main color.
We begin with a man getting up,
shaving, getting dressed, tying
his shoes. He gets his pat, his
hat, checks, a map goes out in
the city. Oh, it's a fantastical
city with teepee like buildings
and the man now seems to be
waiting on a railroad siding,
perhaps. And
we see lots of airships floating
through high arch uh high
arches.
These little creatures are
meeting ohh I see the man is
asking directions from a woman.
She's checking the map and
helping to put him out point out
with him it looks like he gets a
ticket or she gets a ticket and
passes it on to him. And here is
an airship coming into land and
it looks like these people are
the man is getting on with his
long tailed mouse like creature.
His ticket is stubbed and he's
pointed into, I guess, the
airship.
Now we see the man sitting on a
park bench and a woman is next
to him. They're talking. They
each have a pet with them. He
takes out of his Jack inside
jacket pocket what looks like a
wanted poster. She takes out
one, too, and they compare
photographs, maybe identity
papers.
Now, in a grayer series of
panels, a young lady is reading
a book and someone is trying to
take it from or does take it
from her, locks it into, locks
it into a drawer, and gives her
a shovel and makes her shovel
into the furnace. I guess as
punishment for reading that
forbidden book.
We're looking down a long tunnel
of furnaces. Each one is being
fed by a girl in a skirt. Our
girl is.
Sitting on in despair, picks up
a shovel and she pries open a
door. She goes back and takes
the book out of its drawer and
seems to be running away with it
and has crawled onto a railroad
train boxcar and we see the
train driving away on its
tracks.
An airship is floating in the
sky, passed a billboard. Here
are the two people on their
bench, again with their pets. A
man calls to them through the
megaphone. They shake hands. He
gets on. It looks like it's on
the airship, and we see a long
view of a strange landscape.
With a series of switchback
walkways that come up the slope
toward him.
The man is walking through the
town with his pet.
We see a number of tentacles.
Here's a woman, perhaps getting
a.
I'm not sure what I'm seeing
here.
Man is walking through the city.
A woman takes something out of
an automat, perhaps. In the next
panel an older woman is showing
a fish like creature to a man.
Uh, our gentleman's out on the
street again. He's looking at a
book of maybe translations.
And.
His pet creature with the long
tail is trying, is looking in a
drawer. The man opens the drawer
and sees several creatures
inside. He checks his book,
takes one out.
And gives it to a boy. Ohh. I
don't know what's going on here.
Uh.
He's trying to translate bread.
Someone reaches into a box like
an automat or postal box and
takes out.
A curved item like a gourd and
gives it to the man with the hat
who brings it to his lips, and
the boy brings a basket for him
to carry it with and they show
him.
Yeah.
The man was suspenders is
showing a moon shaped item. A
boy holds a cornucopia.
A man in the vest is tasting
something. Here's a boy with a
big artichoke like item.
The uh series of people are
handling edible objects that are
strange fruits with tails or
stems and animals. The pet is
fed and
They are carrying baskets of
food and take a walk along the
Quay where a number of little
boats are docked.
They're on the pier rather, not
the Quay, I guess.
Yeah.
The story continues. The boy
with the basket and and the
tailed pet go to a jar and
there's something growing out of
the jar. A dragon like tail,
scaled thorned tail and.
The boy embraces what comes out
of the urn, this slanty cat like
item with a long scaly tail and
the animal makes friends with
the fish pet. The two of them
play together like cat and dog.
The man in the hat and suit is
trying to communicate to the man
in this in suspenders he tries
to act it out with his hands and
then draw it with in his book.
He shows it to the man who seems
to be trying to explain back to
him what he sees in the book.
#END_arrival_4 next page.
This part of the story.
OK. So moving on to the next
item.
About 3 pages. And again, just
describe what you see if you go
through the story.
#START_arrival_2 Ohh two women
several women are sitting
together with the hoods over
their head. In the next panel we
see several men in caps and
suits. They look like.
They look like immigrants. And
we see one man writing in his
book on several pages. He tears
out one page and folds it into a
little boat, or rather into a
bird and releases the bird and
he goes and looks up to the sky.
They're on a boat. Yes, they're
on a boat. And the sky is filled
with these dragonfly like winged
birds. People are on the deck
looking at them and they fly in
orderly, straight lines.
Across the sky.  Now
we see a big view of a
metropolis. And in the
foreground there are people.
Immigrants it looks like, on the
deck of a ship.
And in a larger view, we see two
giant figures shaking hands.
One has.
Is that called a fez? F-E-Z. And
the other has a conical hat.
They're on. They're standing on
big boats in the harbor and they
loom over our little boat and
over the cityscape horizon.
we see
this, the prow of the big
steamship looming into harbor
with its decks lined with
people.
Now the people are getting off
and on boarding a man with a man
with a megaphone.
Points them the way they come
off with their suitcases and
line up on the pier.
#END_arrival_2
Two more items on 26, yes. Two
more. OK, I've got a message.
I'm ready.
This is also part of the graphic
novel about 2 pages, yes.
#START_arrival_3 These are
Street scenes in what looks like
a ghetto. There are strange
languages. First we see a boy
with uh poster signs and they're
in a strange language. We see a
woman with an apron holding a
long tiered long tailed cat like
creature. I here's a man with a
pushcart steaming. A man and a
woman with huge eggs.
Barber who's shaving a passenger
with these snail like creatures
on the floor. Here's a man with
a gramophone and a boy playing a
fiddle with strange bird like
creatures on the floor. Here's a
line of.
There's a line of people.
Against a tapestry in a strange
tongue. And here's a man looking
puzzled with the suitcase as if
he's trying to find his
directions out on the street.
The man checks his watch and
then checks it against the time
on the tower clock. He's the man
with the suitcase from the
previous panel and he's finding
his way through the street
streets.
Some lights begin to descend
like snowflakes. He reaches up
and touches one. First they've
been floating down. Now they've
pelt down and knock his, his hat
blows off. He retrieves it. He's
looking at what looked like
hieroglyphic directions on the
pavement. He takes out his book
and checks through the pages.
And while he's kneeling down,
reading, a man
I think it's called a fez,
F-E-Z, those round hat. A man in
a turban hat and a naver jacket
addresses him. The man asked him
something. He in turn answers.
The man shows him a drawing in
his book, a bed.
Ah, says the man in the fizz,
and he gives him directions and
in fact seems to be leading him
the way to what I assume are
accommodations.
And on the back, on a basket on
his back.
The man in the naver jacket has
this horned pet riding on his
back. #END_arrival_3
Is the last item is another part
of the story. It's about 5
pages, OK?
#START_arrival_1 The
illustrations are in sepia. We
see a family portrait of mother,
father and.
Little girl and someone is
wrapping this in paper and tying
it and puts it into a suitcase
and then straps the suitcase.
Uh, we see a series of items a a
bird folded from paper, a mantle
clock. A hat and dish towel on
pegs. A cooking pot.
A child's drawing of her family,
a teapot, a cup and saucer, and
some money, an open suitcase.
And then another view of the
family photo. Now we see a man
and a woman closing the suitcase
on the kitchen table. There are
two cups and a pot. They're on
the table as if they've been
drinking before they or soon
will be. The cups are filled and
on the mantle we see most of the
and on the wall behind them we
see most of the items from the
separate.
uh photo. In fact, I think we
see all of them there, yes.
So.
Now we see it. I was going to
say. So the little photos, the
big photo is a composite of the
littler photos a little. The
little little photos are
excerpts from bigger photo
drawing. Sorry.
OK.
Young girl's sleeping. She
begins to Rouse. She wakes up
and stretches, has hers cereal
or oatmeal. There's a suitcase
on the floor. There's a man
putting on his hat. There's
mother putting on her headscarf.
She buttons up the little girl
while the little girl puts on
her hat and her boots, picks up
the suitcase. The father reaches
for her hand and they in the
next photo we see the three of
them walking as if away from the
door.
And above them, above the shadow
of the wall, we see a long
thorned
tail.
The curvature of the tail. We
see several views of the little
girl, her hand being hands being
held, and now we see them.
People waiting for train coming
in. Uh, the little girl looks
anxious. There's a man's. Her
father's hand is on her
shoulder. He lifts his hat, and
then on his head is the folded
up paper bird, which he gives to
the little girl.
She's so happy to have it. She
hugs him and treasures it in her
hand. The mother is weeping, and
now father and mother embrace.
He whispers something into her
ear, and now he boards the
train.
We see hands, a woman and a
child's hands holding. We see
the train disappearing and then
vanishing into the distance.
Again, we see the family photo.
We see the little girl eating
her oatmeal with the photo in
the background on top of the
trunk. No, his father eating his
oatmeal. You see a larger view
now through a kind of aperture
circle lens. We see farther
turning toward the viewer,
again, still seated and eating.
Now we see a smaller aperture
view. Now we see three, still
smaller, and now.
A dozen. It looks like very
small views. Now we see the side
of a ocean liner, which picks up
those circles as if it's farther
on the ocean liner. And in the
last panel we see a distant view
of the the ocean liner, three
stacks steaming. #END_arrival_1
OK. That is all that I have. OK.